postgres is a bad datawarehouse - column size limitations (#36453)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/destinations/postgres.md

This page guides you through the process of setting up the Postgres destination connector.

:::caution

Postgres, while an excellent relational database, is not a data warehouse. 

1. Postgres is likely to perform poorly with large data volumes. Even postgres-compatible destinations (e.g. AWS Aurora) are not immune to slowdowns when dealing with large writes or updates over ~500GB. Especially when using normalization with `destination-postgres`, be sure to monitor your database's memory and CPU usage during your syncs. It is possible for your destination to 'lock up', and incur high usage costs with large sync volumes.

> 2. Postgres column size limitations are likley to cause colisions when used as a destination reciving data from highly-nested and flattened sources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Postgres column [name length limitations](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/limits.html) are likely to cause collisions when used as a destination receiving data from highly-nested and flattened sources, e.g. `{63 byte name}_a` and `{63 byte name}_b` will both be truncated to `{63 byte name}` which causes postgres to throw an error that a duplicate column name was specified.
```

Reviewer: Added a little context feel free to reword
